well howdy there school children
welcome to the 2021 school year
i will be your instructor this year i'm
on loan
via department of defense initiative
from fort benning georgia
i'm here due to the
unexpected
lack of teachers in your school district
the department of defense agreed to this
seeing it as a good
opportunity to reach out to young people
especially since that angry young
congresswoman banned us from recruiting
at these locations
we're going to begin the school year by
going through some basic safety
procedures
you may have noticed i am wearing a mask
as advised by my command
it is a whimsical mask to show that i am
approachable
and you can talk to me buy approachable
i mean that you little soft gold sticky
hand bags of germs
better stay six feet away from me at all
times you will stay six feet away from
each other
at all times you will also be issued a
mask
it will either be a surgical mask or a
p100 respirator
most of you will receive a surgical mask
the p100 respirators are reserved
for the children of politicians do not
read this aloud
most of them will be attending via
distance learning
you will be required to bring your own
food and water
the container it comes in will be
labeled you will not share
food there will be announcements made
every hour on the hour
reminding you to sanitize your hands
currently you'll be able to ignore those
announcements we don't have any hand
sanitizer
all right let's see special
considerations birthdays
on the off chance that one of you makes
it to your birthday
you will not be allowed to bring a cake
your parents cannot send anything we
can't blow on food and then share it
that's what happened last year that's
why i'm here
no birthdays okay
you're gonna have to wash your hands all
the time this is all common sense stuff
kids
all right to impress upon you the
importance
of following these safety procedures i
would like you to look to your left
now look to your right one of you
will carry something home to your
parents
on the off chance that that child is you
the forms to be placed in non-familial
foster care are in the office
right next to dnr's and dni look go
ahead and pick up these forms and pull
that ahead of time
save us all the trouble okay
there's box crayons on your desk in
front of you it's labeled with your name
can't share anything all right keep it
to yourself
alright welcome to second grade that
concludes
our safety procedure meeting any
questions